We also are using the Vue devtools 3
beta at the time of recording of this.
We just came out with view three.
So there's Vue devtools,
which is the kind of standard devtools.
And this is the beta version
that we're working on currently.
So I'm gonna be using these today.
But it's missing a couple of features,
you might notice that when I move over
to next, this won't work anymore.
And when we're working with knucks, this
would actually be the better version, but
we're going to really
be working with this.
In the future, this will be the only
version of vue devtools that you'll need.
Also when I'm working with VS code,
I'm going to be using Vetur,
Vetur allows us to use single
file components in VS code and
get syntax highlighting and error handling
and all the things that you're used to.
I also created Vue VS code snippets.
And those are really handy for
drumming up boilerplate and
things really quickly as you're working.
We're also gonna work
with CodePen a bit today.
So I wanted to give you a couple
of little starters just so
that you know your way around
CodePen if you're not familiar, so
you can either click Pen to create
a new pen, or you can click View Pen.
So I'll show you
the differences between these.
If I clicked on Pen I can change
the view to make these go the HTML,
CSS and JavaScript go to
the top instead of the side.
I have an HTML, CSS and JavaScript panel.
If I click this here, you can see that
you can add whatever you need here so
you could save Vue.
This will go to the two version of Vue and
all the pens have the view next version of
Vue so you can just fork one of those pen
I'm also using bait babble babble one
of those two as a as a preprocessor.
I'm using some pre processors and
CSS I like to use SCSS normalise
autoprefixer, but that's up to you.
You can use whatever you like.
In terms of the HTML tag,
you can use pre processors.
I'm also gonna add for
Fonts into the head right here.
So that's how we work with that.
As we're working with exercises today,
if you see an exercise and
I say like work with this exercise and
fork this pen, what you're going to
need to do is save it to an account.
So I suggest that you make a free account
with code pen so that you can save
it because if you refresh the page and
you don't then your work will be lost.
You also notice that I use this
extension called code open.
So if I save this as private, and
then I hit code open,
what it does is it opens a debug window.
This debug window will allow me to
see my pen without any iframes.
These are all built with IFrames.
So I can actually traverse
this quite easily and
see all of my elements on the page and
things like that way.
If I went back to CodePen,
and I click the drop down and
I click Vue, you can see that I'm
actually getting a single file template.
And this is what a single
file template looks like.
I have a template area
where I put my HTML,
I have my script area
where we put my script.
And I have my style area
where I put my style.
So there are a couple pens that
we'll be using today that have this.
It's a newer feature of CodePen.